Hi, I'm Sunday from your workshop
DIY good in the previous video
We begin the manufacturing process
what we are seeing is a template
to put dowels spikes if you
you lost the first part and want to take
At a glance I leave a link in the part
upper left
in this second part we are going to open a
hole on the side of the template where
matches the professor of wood and
then we will do some tests to see how
we have stayed
we started to mark the place where
place the bushes according to the
thickness of the wood and the diameter of the
So, these measures, I'm going to leave you
of DIY dotcom you will have a link
to the article in the description of the video
and how he has been able to measure to work more
comfortable I have chosen to disarm the other
part of the staff to do the
brands what we are seeing the same thing and
then drilling holes in the end
What do we have to do?
here and others
ok we start to open the holes with
the bit of the right diameter in
function of the cap that we are going to
place if you want to have more detail
how to do this do not miss the first
video I explain it as entertainment
to not serve this video too much
long
and once we have the hole opened
we just have to present the
cap that we are going to place some
light blows with the hammer and so
we will place in your site
ok let's perform the same operation
of the hole we make hole with the drill
adequate the cap that we are going to
place and then we put the cap
and we give a few light blows with the
hammer and here we have the result
final we already have the side of the
template where we make the holes in
the thickness of the wood for the plugs
ones that be alive concrete that
we had wished you have in my case
opted for the 4 6 and 8 for thicknesses
of 10 16 and 19 millimeters thick in the
wood in this way all the details
the you have in your DIY
good dotcom and this way already
we will have finished the template
Here we can see it is simple
perform the most complicated are the
measures is to say that the measures are
adjusted to the thickness of the wood that
my case is 15 millimeters with which
I on a wood you passed the template
with different thicknesses of 15 millimeters
I probably have to adjust a little
This measure for the placement of
caps
for the placement of the plugs in
last instance
well let's go with the test there we have what
what we want to do in this case the
proof I'm going to make it for a wood with
a thickness of 16 a must be plasticized in
white and to place 6-pegs for
the Union
The first thing we have to do is
mark how far we want to open the
edge side hole and once
that we have clear at what distance what
we must open is to present the template
insert the drill bit and make the hole and
we have it we have to be careful with
the depth that we give to the hole
on the east side we make the hole in
the thickness of the wood is not so
important but if on the other side
then we see it and there we have what
we are looking for an already open part
of the thickness of the wood we have it
open to place the tarugo spike and
now we make the mark on the other wood
to get the slope we have it
we make the brand and using the template
we drill here on this side of the
wood that we are going to join with the other is
where we have to take into account the
depth so as not to pierce the wood
in this case it is 16
then the maximum depth in half to
a little more maybe but without getting past
because we drill the wood and put
of the risk of drilling the wood and
make it make a through hole
Well, he's already seeing how the
thing if we have already joined a wood with
another one with a tarugo we obviously have
what to put 2
and here we already started to present
mark where the other makes
hole so that it is well joined but
that is the idea that we can unite with a
single template join the two pieces of the
wood through of course spike
the procedure is always going to be the
same and remember on this side of the
wood that would cover ground or
good could be the laterals depends
of the position of the furniture we can not
making the hole there is why it has
turned around without passing us is not the
through hole does not pass is not the
depth of
when inserting the bit so as not to
be the hole pretty
and here we have results there is
we stop joining the two pieces mind
spiral tarugo is a one template that
it makes it easier for us to place
the spikes or spikes
if you found the ticket interesting
I like it and share it subscribed to
channel to receive the new ones I'm going
doing it in addition to supporting my work
and all the details you have
DIY studies dotcom measurements
and a greeting and until next time
video